sea
created this success last year. for the second edition there is the
mount island world events
organized by the group which has a quality of 45 swimmers on Saturday afternoon
equipped with wetsuit and goggles they started from fish farm maraglio stude for
a swim of 10 kilometers is the water of that date
earlier this year I saw the great success of an edition
past
see around the mountains to see with this feeling is sitting
o carry on this event offer everyone who was
interested and the possibility of coming am
i like to do with us is paracarter events i am a belibers
and even if only they weren't always this year we pass flyer 145
the fastest for this second edition was the Bergamo class
1988 but you give us a gift you went to record again and concluded virgilio in
two hours and 10 minutes
behind him the Milanese mark lion who crossed the finish line with only 19
seconds of delay in the waters of the lake also 4 many actresses who have closed
their character with a time of just over two and a half hours. laminated
cold swimmers who have abandoned the gala obviously every
hope that ancient from under continue if we don't know only that yes
hope wrong faceboook
the statement because no level 1 of northern Italy and extend
to all the national territory for canon canestro personification
since the distance covered by only 10 kilometers in my room is a
secret for the June 2 events to provide security customer service
you want rims text
employed in canoeing the Mediterranean atlas group from the dinghy the circle
sail of more action instead of the 2002 Monte Club sports island
sub group onlus the di monte isola association lifeguards darfo boario terme
the motorboat the police and carabinieri of monte isola and from the ground that the precious ones
limits and first aid fashion volunteers
a demonstration in continuous ascent that organized by the kanun group
aquatic also in the next summer vicenza replicate given the great
success
oblique participants of this house edition 2008